hey good morning family I'm going to do
another video for you all today it's
heavy on my heart to pray for Israel
Israel at War Israel and Palestine
Israel's am I'm going to bring some of
my old words that I have given about
Israel right now I'm going to I'm going
to show you each one of them uh I think
there's just two on there I I I'm trying
to put all of them together but I just
don't have time so for whoever's
watching this this is what the Lord
showed me you know I I I told you about
the this war that's about to happen it
that they announced
yesterday that a bunch of men are going
to come out of Syria and they're all in
a single file line and uh so you'll hear
this and so I I just you know I know
we're almost Jesus is coming y'all and I
believe we're almost to the Ezekiel 3839
War I believe we're right on the hills
of this and we're going to see this war
and God manifest his hand and protecting
Israel in a supernatural way there will
be no question whenever this happens
that there is a God in heaven that we
will see a glorious sign and wonder of
our father's protection over his land
and it will be a it will be a it's going
to be seen everywhere I'm just telling
you there will be no doubt that there is
a God that is over Israel and his name
is l l Yan the most high I am that I am
the same God that was for uh the
children of Israel and delivered them
out of the hand of Egypt and Pharaoh is
going to deliver them out of this and
I'm telling you we're going to see signs
and wonders in these last days and this
is going to be an amazing sign that's
about to take place I I I I want to say
grab a bucket of popcorn and a soda and
get ready cuz we're going to going to
see our god do great Great Mighty things
folks and and this is just part of it
we're going to see out the outpouring of
the spirit of the Lord like we've never
seen before a creative Miracle working
power through his body laying hands on
the sick casting out Devils raising the
dead we're going to see marriages
restored we're going to see blinded eyes
open ears popping open autistic children
are going to be delivered by the power
of God I hope you're ready for what
you're about to see in these last days
you need to stir yourself up because
Jesus Christ is about to do something
amazing for the body of Christ I'm
telling you there's a remnant of people
they're going to walk in a Prosperity
like we've never seen before we're going
to see people walk in in in in Creative
Miracles like we've never seen before
you know we heard about things in the
Bible but we're about to hear about
great things in these last days Jesus is
coming Jesus is coming and Jesus is
coming you need to know that if you're
lukewarm if your heart's not right if
you're living in a compromising State
you need to get your heart right and you
need to wake up there's a great shaking
about to take place in these last days
and I'm telling you folks you better not
be walking in compromise you need to
wake up because because that those those
those 10 virgins that had five had their
lamps full and five had their lamps uh
that were empty and they went to go seek
to go find the oil and it was too late
because the bridegroom have come are you
one of them that's what I have to ask
you are you one of those people that
don't have their lamps full that are not
on fire for Jesus that you're a lukewarm
he said I beloved I wish you that you
would be hot or you'd be cold but if
you're lukewarm I'll spew you out of my
mouth do not be lukewarm in these last
days the enemy comes like a roaring
lying seek and whom he may devour and
he's going to Devour the cold ones and
the lukewarm ones and he's not going to
devour my house the Bible says that he
rebukes the devour for our sake when we
tithe and we give and we sow our
offerings he's not devouring my house
I'm a tither are you a tither are you a
giver I believe with all my heart he
said he rebukes the devour for our sake
he will provide seed for the S he said
he' never seen the righteous forsaken or
seed beging bread in these last days I
believe with all my heart that he's
going to take care of you there's
there's dark days coming but there's
great light coming I believe with all my
heart great light is coming to the
believer the to the remnant it's time to
stir yourself up Revival came with
prayer staying in prayer staying on your
knees before him seeking his face daily
not just on Sunday some people will say
what are you talking about well you know
a lot of people get just their
relationship with the Lord is just about
Sundays it's just oh well we we we
worship God on Sundays no you need to
worship on Monday through Friday
Saturday Sunday make him a a 24/7 7 days
a week God not just a Sunday God we're
going to have we're going to have a
relation ship with him all the time so I
want to encourage you all today it's not
all doom and
gloom I told you it's like a quarter you
can focus on one side or you can focus
on the other the light's going to get
brighter and the dark's going to get
darker birthing pains are going to keep
taking place in these last days and
things are going to get uh uh the
birthing ples are going to come High
stronger and stronger and stronger and
we're seeing them in Israel right now
we're we're seeing them with with with
what's going on with our border we're
seeing them take place all throughout
the world with Europe and the agreements
that are taking place the words that
I've given about Poland the the the word
that I gave about turkey and Russia
having a a an agreement I saw a turkey
joining it and starting beating their
War
drums we're seeing the manifestations of
stuff taking place like never
before the Bible says watch the fig tree
in these last days so I'm going to go
right now to the to the video and we're
going to watch the Fig
Tree and I'm going to show you the
prophecy I was shown
Israel and Iran and these other area
other other countries were all coming
against Israel but the United States
turned our back we turned our back and
the Lord said this is what's going to
happen during the Ezekiel 38 and 39
War people have always wondered where's
the United States in
this we don't do anything we don't help
them we are like well you know we just
kind of watch Idol stand by and just
watch that's what I saw and so then I
see because we betrayed R uh uh
Israel we opened an attack for China to
come in and get us and so I saw China
get us and I saw but it would came as
this a dragon and it looked like a it
looked like a red streaking dragon and
so then the Lord showed me and he said
watch Hawaii and I can see Hawaii and
all these F-16 looking fighter planes
coming in and they were just shooting
missiles and going nuts on Honolulu and
all these areas and I could see the main
city there the Honolulu Hawaii and it
was just getting it was just being
annihilate annihilated with with uh with
missiles and everything and buildings
were on fire and things were being shot
down and it was a very very very uh sad
situation because you could hear the
sirens I could hear the the some kind of
Aid Sirens going off and people were
running and screaming and trying to get
away but there's nowhere to escape
because it's an island and so people
were trying we were fighting back and
everything but it was a serious uh
serious issue then the Lord took me in
the spirit and I saw Israel and out of
Syria all I could see Iran devising a
plan and they were communicating with
Syria and they were sending stuff uh
secretly to Syria okay and I saw men
coming out of Syria that look like ants
there were so many men coming out of
Syria and Marching In A Line boom like
like soldiers marching marching marching
but they look like ants and I could see
they were red that's what it was very
interesting I don't understand that but
they were red the these men were red and
they had uh their their guns and they
were marching and it was like they were
coming against Israel and there was so
many of them that they were all in
single file lines all going at Israel
and they were all coming against and I
saw a great War breaking out in Israel a
great uh uh coming out of Syria this
this attack was so uh I saw uh stress um
um Benjamin Netanyahu and that's when
the Lord said pray for Israel pray for
the Peace of Jerusalem pray for this
stuff and I saw um Benjamin yet and
Yahoo he was he was he wasn't worried
but I could see like he was sweating a
little bit like he was he was concerned
like this is a this is going to be a
major ordeal here this isn't just a
couple Rockets shooting in this is
becoming an allout war and so I saw like
I said they were all marching out of
Syria and so
um and it was coming from them and it
was like it was all happening because of
uh no leadership in America not there
wasn't strong leadership well after you
watch that now we see how how those
words are coming to pass um I hope this
encouraged you today I just want to
thank you for watching with me I'm going
to pray for the Peace of Jerusalem right
now father I just thank you Father for
your people I thank you that you're
showing up and and and and and you
protect every sing single one of the
citizens I thank you that your Covenant
is still as strong you said that you
would never break a covenant and I thank
you Lord that the Covenant of Abraham
that you made with Abraham father that
you would protect your people and you
said those that bless Israel I will
bless and those that curse Israel I will
curse and I thank you Father that we
bless Israel this morning we bless your
people we bless the peace and and we
call for peace over
Jerusalem we call peace over the land of
Israel we call Prosperity over your
people father we bless them in the
mighty name of Jesus and we thank you
that not one rocket will touch the land
we call Supernatural protection of your
angels right now
going we call angels all over them from
the north the South the East the West
protecting no more
kidnappings all hidden things be
revealed whether that's bi logical or
whatever no dirty bombs no nothing we
call Protection over their PE and we
call Peace over them we call wisdom over
Netanyahu we call uh Divine
alliances for divine strategies of of of
of un covering Wicked plots in Jesus
name we thank you Father that their
intelligent department is is is
supernaturally and they don't maybe even
know where they're getting it from we
cause Supernatural uh wisdom to come
over their their minds that they would
have wisdom on tunnels or whatever any
kind of hidden secret tunnels or any
kind of torture or whatever over the
soldiers that were captured we thank you
Father for wisdom father for their
people and I ask father even for our
wisdom for our people that they would
not be stupid enough not to back them
Father I thank you Lord that you would
give uh President Joe Biden wisdom to to
lead our nation and to back Israel with
military or whatever with with uh planes
or whatever we've given them to Ukraine
we've given billions to
Ukraine now God I ask you father that we
would give our our our support to Israel
father I'd even ask that we would pull
some of that money back that we've given
to Ukraine to help Israel out father
because there's a blessing on it there's
a there's a covering over it there's a
supernatural covering when you say bless
Israel and I will bless you so God we
bless them we bless them with military
wisdom in jesus' name to protect their
people father I thank you for peace over
their land I thank you Father for divine
protection in Jesus name and we bind the
devil off of this situation in Jesus
name we command you to cease and desist
and you're maneuvering against God's
people people we call Peace over the
land in jesus' name and we give you all
the glory and honor and praise for it
and I thank you Father that there will
be a blessing over our land because of
it and we give you father we just thank
you we just thank you Father we just
thank you Father for all that you're
doing for Israel right now we give you
praise and glory for it father they're
your people and we bless them we bless
them Father we bless Bless the people we
bless their their culture we bless it
all and God we thank you that Jesus is
coming soon and we we just we look for
your return father we look for
it Jesus come
quickly come quickly
Lord we long for you father we long for
you in Jesus mighty name we pray
amen well I just want to thank you all
for watching this video today I I thank
you for all the likes and all all the
all the kind comments in the comment
section over the times I've done these
videos I I thank you for the support I I
believe I'm almost to 70,000 subscribers
if you're not a subscriber to my Channel
Please Subscribe right now I appreciate
the support uh put a smile on your face
a great big smile today put a song on
your heart Jesus loves you so much and I
love you and we thank thank you for
joining us today and we'll see you next
time God bless you guys byebye